swarms spawning too close
buildings not sinking

tooltips for planets, asteroids, objects (static on the screen, with a line pointing towards the object)

		   BERTHA
		   A habitable planet home to a thriving, space exploring civilization.
		   Average temperature: 17 C
		   Infrastructure level: 89%
		  /
	     /
	    /
O _____/

missile launching
orbital laser cannon; push asteroids or vaporize fragments...... maybe automatically tries to vaporize fragments?
orbital space telescope

require funding to build stuff?
receive funding from spotting things in the sky with telescopes
telescopes search for objects in a specific sector of the sky: more telescopes give better coverage and increase the chance of spotting objects in a given sector
finding objects early gives you more time to prepare

destroying objects also grants you funding

asteroid impacts damage planetary infrastructure and destroy buildings
major asteroid impacts can cause a nuclear winter, resulting in a game-over

add vfx for when rb is slowing down in the atmosphere

make asteroids sink into the ground upon collision

add vfx for atmospheric entry; plasma glow leading the object; sparks trailing the object

prevent spawning fragments when colliding with a major body (planets, moons), only do so when colliding with a missile

combine attractable and attractor into a single class? , control with a canAttractBodies flag? might cause physics instability because of order of execution getting mixed up 

maybe create a single impact effect that can be heavily configured on the fly to account for impacts of all kinds; small flashes, big ejecta, massive planet killers...
alternatively, create a bunch of effects and add them as a list to AsteroidSpawner which will give you the correct one depending on your body

disable asteroid colliders by default, enable after travelling a distance equal to the collider's size?

fix missile jitter

add impact damage component to baseasteroid, apply from collision event, apply damage within a radius based on relative? velocity and mass

WORLD TYPE:
inhabitable planet around a gas giant?

SPECIAL EVENTS
	- "Rogue star": a bright star will pass across the background, depicting another star that passed through the Oort cloud and foretelling a massive asteroid swarm in the future
	- "Unnatural asteroid": a strange glowing asteroid that can erratically change its direction or accelerate. Can dodge missiles
	- "Comet": an asteroid with a long growing tail passes through the system
	- "Solar flare" temporarily disables systems
	- "Unidentified space object" - seemingly a mechanical construct, it observes your planet for a while and then darts away

add a check for asteroid spawning: 50% (or N%) of a previously spawned asteroid group must be culled/destroyed before spawning a new one

TODO LIST
- Add "flyby asteroids"; high velocity, not in an orbital trajectory
- Flyby asteroids should maybe spawn in groups; massive clouds of asteroids sweeping through the system and causing havoc
- Eventually, maybe add a dynamic difficulty that makes the game more challenging depending on how well you are doing

add temperature gauge next to the planet health UI

- Improved camera:
	Allow panning around the planet somehow
	When controlling a missile, lerp to its position, and adjust camera zoom depending on the speed

- Gain funds based on mass when an asteroid impacts the planet; gain double? funds when asteroids are destroyed

- The planet has a health that slowly regenerates, 0 health -> defeat
- Maybe some items (missiles etc) require a baseline health to use? maybe not fun though